# 15.11.2020 Meeting Protocol

## 1. Meeting Plan

* GitLab configuration
* Group organization roles
* Development survey
* first-ideas README.md
* Sonstiges


## 1. GitLab configuration:

* Has everyone added their SSH key to their profile?
* Is every group member able to:
    * clone the project repository to their personal machine?
    * able to clone other branches? i.e. first ideas
    * push local changes to the group repository?

## 2. Discuss group organization roles

* Who feels most comfortable delegating tasks?
* Who feels comfortable organizing meetings and setting up calls?
* Who can track minutes during meetings?
* Who can track the stages of project development?

## 3. Development Survey

* Who feels more comfortable working on the physics side of the project?
* Who feels more comfortable working on the development side?

## 4. first-ideas README.md

* Walk-through document
* Which data-types to use?

## 5. Sonstiges
