30/11/2020


- Everyone has their SSH key.
- Split work in classes , not modules.
- We base our code on pylint. (and PEP 8 https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/)
- Arrange meetings at least 2 days in advance.
- If you cannot make it to a meeting, try to inform the rest of the group one day beforehand and also 
check the meetings and the protocols to be informed on what has been discussed/will be discussed.
- We have agreed on not using flowcharts as a method for design because of its limits.
- Implementing "scrum" method will be a challenge given the difficulty to arrange ideal times that work 
for everyone. The method used for our meetings will be a hybrid between agile and scrum.
- In the next upcoming two weeks , we will have to develop the first version of the code for the meeting
(december 21), ideally we need to have everything ready on the 14th of december.
- DetectorGeometry class : encodes the geometry of the detector as a point of reference.
   (is the reference frame included in this class ? check the issue created by Massin.)
- In the common module , the classes (classes that everyone should be concerned with!!!)
that are important for the whole project are defined.
- Pytest will be used for testing.