Minutes meeting 5 :

- Igor and Massin would like to prepare the presentation (Nermine and Sebastian will also try to contribute).

- Geom has been discussed.

- alot has been discussed concerning event gen and reconstruction.

- Consider organizing smaller meetings with group members which are working on the same module or class as
you are , or any other group member you think can help you progress, so that we dont have to talk about implementation
details during weekly meetings.