# 06.05.2021 Protocol

This should be the last meeting. In lieu of writing a separate document for the minutes, the document will be filled in throughout the meeting.

## Communication breakdown
* Last recorded meeting was on Week 5. This is week 12. What happened?
* Who's kept track of all development? If nobody, then how to proceed?
* Lessons learned: what worked and what didn't? What can we put on the final presentation?
* How much time/effort are we willing to commit before Monday?
* CI/CD monitoring
* Remaining issues

## Status Reports - Module Wise

* Open Issues: 7/10
* Number of branches: 19

### Common

* Main contributors: Massin, Nermine, Varun
* Number of branches: 3
* Progress level: 100/100
* Running as expected?: Yes
* Integrated with other modules?: Yes
* Tests passed?: Yes
* Missing features?: implement rotation and translation of panes, resolve misaslignment issues

### Generation

* Main contributors: Sebastián, Massin
* Number of branches: 4
* Progress level: 60/100
* Running as expected?: No
* Integrated with other modules?: No
* Tests passed?: No
* Missing features?: draw velocity and number of samples, test coordinates work, rename coordinates for integration with other modules.

### Simulation

* Main contributors: Igor
* Number of branches: 2
* Progress level: 85/100
* Running as expected?: No
* Integrated with other modules?: With Reconstruction; waiting for Generation
* Tests passed?: No tests
* Missing features?: Add scattering and multiple pixel activation

### Reconstruction

* Main contributors: Shobith
* Number of branches: 5
* Progress level: 95/100
* Running as expected?: Yes
* Integrated with other modules?: With Simulation
* Tests passed?: Yes but there are more tests to write.
* Missing features?: time not taken into account, need to account for speed

### Verification

* Main contributors:
* Number of branches:
* Progress level: 0/100
* Running as expected?:
* Integrated with other modules?:
* Tests passed?:
* Missing features?:


## Status Reports - Person Wise


### Massin

### Igor

### Nermine

### Varun

### Shobith

### Sebastián

* I don't know what anybody else is doing.
* Concerned about too many branches: how much is too much? who's keeping track of everything? why hasn't anything been merged?
* Do we even have a functioning anything?

## Presentation Outline

* Brief summary of package functionality and intended usage
* Run-down of the modules and their level of completion
* Suggestion: Focus on individual experience of group members
    * How prepared did you feel to tackle the project at the beginning of the term?
    * What were the main obstacles you encountered?
    * Are you satisfied with the main results of your contributions? Of the group as a whole?
    * Which best practices from the course were you able to incorporate into your development?
    * Which best practices from the course do you wish you could have used?
    * Overall, if you had to go back and start over, what would you do differently?
